it's me Park lecture and I'm here to do
a review on the 5-inch Jasper sonic
figure now is the riffs going to do the
Werehog and black and night separate but
I decided to combine them in one review
ok let's begin um first of all this I
think this is not re-release um NORs the
werehog both gum on the same one of my
toys r us came and had them in stock
still but yeah this is a release of that
so yeah let's just begin i'm gonna do
the Werehog first now this is one of the
most detailed sonic characters well
detailed sonic figures i've ever seen
ever in my entire life ever seen your ad
that's weird I mean this was a good
start when jazz worse was making their
sonic figures I mean there's so much
detail inocula articulation and you know
for detail he gets a guess I'm going to
say a 10 on detail because I haven't
really seen a better where honk figure
than this um yeah you know they put you
know the little treads and the you know
well the treads and you know on the
cleats and yeah he he looks like him
straight out of Sonic Unleashed you know
for articulation you know it can move
his head it's so much of a super poser
it's very similar because well you can't
move is here's but you can move the
quills you know it's really good um so
can delay you know the legs one problem
if this figure is you can't really move
you can't really make it walk cuz it's
like really hard to do and if you make
them walking kind of looks retarded uh
uh yeah
you can move his arms full 360 degrees
I'm guessing you can move his elbows and
like smash stuff you can actually what's
funny to me when I first got this i was
all like yes I'm going to do this fill
this like fish alright everyone just one
point that out you can make him hold
stuff this um yeah you can move his
knees you know knees Oh kneecaps make a
move you can move with shoes 360 degrees
and yeah for articulation he gets a 9.5
and our take a detailed tent and you
should really pick him up cuz yeah not
too hard to find out since then
re-release it was sick ok sure ok yeah
it's not one of the Jones joins broke
which would suck Smoove on to Black
Knight oh well yeah it's like when I
first got this I was like this is one of
the best sonic figures I've seen in a
long time well yeah but there's more
sonic figures that look better by jazz
worse but it's still pretty good I mean
you know the detail on the glove loud to
start off of that or gauntlet it's
really really good it's insanely good
and caliber burn looks like he came out
black night it's awesome now he can move
you can move his head I'm going to start
off with articulation oh good move his
head you can move his elbows you know
arms 360 to the group 360 degrees the UM
yes i'm at the werehog you can't really
move his legs to watch but God all right
yeah he can same with this on he can no
do all the same stuff this um you can
move his kneecaps move these shoes yeah
well it's kind of well here's another
problem when you're holding the algebra
shadow but when you move and they got
like if you put Caliburn on there don't
move it you know it'll slip out soon so
yeah it's not really stayed on properly
but if you find this figure holes pretty
good yeah for detail I concern on point
5 and for articulation you get some 9.5
also now we move on to this no different
from that dot um you know even though
it's just same with that just normal and
um yeah yeah he gets a 9.5 also and you
know Sam is that articulation 9.5 and
deep tom 9.5 you picked all these off if
you see them actually the 5 inch line is
kind of over over filled with 5-inch
when one for us is over filled with five
inches that like they you have to move
on to where the video game section is
and they put all the other five inches
on a Pickers there so try pink I would
pick these up because they're still here
but they're still around and it won't go
away for a while
especially the Werehog you should
definitely get the werehog hey see you
guys and thanks for watching my review
and bye